docs(sca): documentation related to the new SCA mode (#2455)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/custom-deployment.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> Remember that the recommended way of installing Bonita is through a self-contained application xref:build-run:build-application.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that the recommended way of installing Bonita is using the _Container mode_ . See xref:build-run:build-application.adoc[Build an Application] for details.
```
_Container mode_ wording is to be confirmed.
